docs: Update the quay.io section (#863)
stackabletech/documentation: modules/concepts/pages/artifact-registries/index.adoc

== quay.io

On quay.io, everything is stored under the central `stackable` organization.

> Since SDP 26.7.0, the rest of the structure is identical compared to `oci.stackable.tech` and images will no longer be pushed to their previous locations (directly under `quay.io/stackable`) going forward.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with SDP 26.7.0, the rest of the structure is identical compared to `oci.stackable.tech` and images will no longer be pushed to their previous locations (directly under `quay.io/stackable`) going forward.
```
